.. _resolved_issues_in_3.2.1:

========================
Resolved Issues in 3.4.1
========================

vOneCloud 3.4.1 is a maintenance release with the following minor improvements:

- Add timepicker in relative scheduled actions.
- Check vCenter cluster health in monitoring.
- Added sunstone banner official support.
- New quotas for VMS allow to configure limits for VMs “running”.
- The Virtual Machines that are associated to a Virtual Router have all actions allowed except nic-attach/dettach.
- Implement retry on vCenter driver actions.
- Allow FILES in vCenter context.
- noVNC updated to v1.0.
- Centralized credentials for vCenter resources.
- Enhance vCenter driver actions pool calls.
- Read driver action on attach_disk using STDIN for vcenter drivers.
- Manage IPs when a VM is imported from vCenter.
- Show if vCenter cluster have activated DRS and/or HA.

Also 3.4.1 features the following bugfixes:

- Fix bug in vcenter_downloader failing to download vcenter images.
- Fix an issue so hourly sched action executes just one time.
- Fix missing wait_for_completion in some vCenter async tasks
- Fix and issue which broke the new endlines from templates.
- Fix issue that does not show the datastores table when a new VM template is downloaded.
- Fix misleading non persistent message in instantiate message
- Fix an issue when importing vCenter hosts and an OpenNebula cluster with the same name exists.
- Fix wild VM import process to not default to host 0.
- Fix missing DEPLOY_ID when import Wilds VM.
- Reduce the amount of database disk space generated by VM search indexes.
- Fix VM can’t boot due to invalid cdrom config.
- Fix Updating vCenter VM disk image in Sunstone does not remove OPENNEBULA_MANAGED attribute.
- Fix snap on vCenter to remove not affected disks.
- Fix list of virtual routers shown in virtual networks to follow user access permissions.
- Fix issue add persistent image via sunstone.
- Fix shutdown doesn’t check VM status in vcenter.
- Add IP6_LINK and IP6_GLOBAL attributes to VM short body.
- Fix lock VM highlight in Sunstone.
- Fix container status inconsistency during boot.
- Fix an issue that prevents admin to change other permissions when ENABLE_OTHER_PERMISSIONS=NO.
- Put right drivers when importing market app to vCenter DS.
- Improve error messages on vcenter deploy..
- Fix error when try delete image in vCenter using NFS.
- Added basic support to NSX opaque networks..
- Clean onevcenter tool error messages.
- Fix create a VM group without roles in Sunstone.
- Fix disappear rm_ar_button.
